since the last time we did this MSI has
expanded and upgraded their lineup a ton
including excuse me what are you doing
MSI sponsored this video they want us to
use the new branding without the dragon
MSI can get rid of the Dragon when I say
they can get rid of the Dragon bring it
back okay I'll drag in Lucky get
out anyway the package that MSI sent
over is packed with their latest
features in Hardware including an
$1100 motherboard and some categories of
products that they didn't even make last
time around which can't seem him like
this are you okay
buddy yeah I'll be fine tell you what I
know it'll make you feel better why
don't you say the thing roll the
[Music]
intro last time we did this we kicked
things off with an Intel CPU but
uh what in the world could that be the
AMD ryzen 9800 x3d features second gen
3D vcash eight Zen 5 cores and even
overclocking capabilities for the best
possible gaming experience of course
we're also going to need a motherboard
but uh don't worry we've got quite the
motherboard for it oh gracious it's
heavy the new Godlike x870 costs as much
as an entire computer and I guarantee is
more motherboard than most people will
ever need but MSI still wants to show it
off because this thing is packed with
unique features that after taking a look
at them I think could eventually trickle
down to boards for regular humans and
outright change the motherboard game
first up is this interesting magnetic
attachment that they're calling easylink
you know those motherboards that have
connectors on the back for cleaner Cable
Management well this takes that Concept
in a different direction and
consolidates all of the motherboard
connectors in the top right for easy
management just make sure that your
diamond encrusted case has the extra
space that you need to the right of the
board to accommodate all of these cables
next up by the way Elijah don't think I
didn't notice this Dragon here is the
m.2 expander Z slider see if the five
onboard m.2 slots aren't enough for you
this adds two more Gen 5 slots and the
best part is they can be accessed from
the back of the PC without ever opening
the case now now they're not hot
swappable yet but this little asterisk
here seems to indicate that that could
be a possibility in the future I mean
imagine it your Internet is down you
forgot to download Cod on your PC you
can rip the game drive out of your buddy
system throw it in here slide it in like
a magazine copy the files and boom
nothing because cod's not going to let
you play without an internet connection
anyway now obviously I'm being a little
factious here I actually kind of love
the idea of using m.2 gumstick drives as
SD cards for Mega Ballers however
impractical it might
be then finally this has got to be just
about the most stacked IO that I have
ever seen on a consumer motherboard kind
of looks like that what Gamers actually
want me realistically there's too much
to list it all out so we're going to
toss it on screen and you can pause if
you want to read all the
specs finally finally MSI boasts
supported memory speeds of over 9,000
megga transfers per second over
9,000 but this one gets a little
complicated it only supports it at 9,000
for one stick per Channel and it's got
to be single rank ah yes we haven't
talked much about single rank versus
dual rank memory but here's the tldr a
rank is a grouping of memory blocks that
are connected over a 64-bit memory bus
if all of the blocks on the memory in a
stick are grouped together that's single
rank if they're split into two well
that's dual rank so what does that mean
well typically at the same operating
frequency dual rank memory will
outperform single rank memory thanks to
memory interleaving but the complexity
of a addressing dual rank memory means
that it's harder to overclock to higher
megat transfers per second so the more
ranks you have the harder your memory
controller has to work and the lower the
speed that your RAM will run making
matters even more complicated it's not
always obvious if the stick is single or
dual rank but you can bet that higher
capacity dims will be dual rank so
because MSI doesn't produce Ram
themselves we've gone with a pair of 48
GB Dominator titanium from Corsair at
6,400 megat transfers per second on our
Godlike board oh speaking of Corsair we
used them last time for our SSD but just
a few short months later MSI entered the
SSD game so this time we're going to be
using their latest and greatest the
spatium m580 a 4 TB Gen 5 SSD
with rated speeds of
14.1 gab per second reads and 12.6 GB
per second
rights and also it comes with a gigantic
Tower cooler let's go Gamers all right
let's get this business installed uh oh
is that a tooless
mechanism
cool now the spaces shum will obviously
be our boot drive but we also wanted to
check out the expander Z slider so we
grabbed an extra 8 TB drive from our
inventory because let's face it we can
afford $1,100 motherboard
so we can afford
this uh do you not want to put it in the
case first nope I want to see it in all
of its Glory if you made me show it off
without this in it that would be glory
partial I want Glory
whole I broke him he tried not to laugh
he can't it seems like the entire
industry has gone 011 Dynamic style but
in an effort to differentiate their
offering MSI has added curved glass to
the mix with their Maestro 700 lpz
there's not really a lot to say here
than ooh
shiny and for $400 I would certainly
hope it is actually I lied there's a lot
to say about it it supports up to eatx
motherboards it has a front USB 3.2 gen
2x2 so that is a 20 gbit per second
front USB port it has this cool little
window at the back which you will need
in order to build your computer because
this curved aluminum piece here is
continuous and doesn't come off and it
has excessive radiator support like I'm
talking up to a 360 mm in the top of 120
in the back a 360 on the side and up to
a 360 in the bottom that gives us a lot
of options for cooling but because we're
using an AIO specifically the core
liquid e360 we're going to use the top
slot to keep our pump at the lowest
point in the loop and we're going to
fill up the rest of our slots with yes
that's right friends even more MSI
they're easy one 20 a RGB fans these are
pretty cool they use a magnetic
connector in place of your typical fan
and RGB cables making the setup much
easier and
[Music]
cleaner man nothing makes you appreciate
these cck and everything's hooked up
like dealing with the regular
fans we're going to get all the RGB
hooked up though this take a minute
while Elijah works on remounting our
bottom fans for the third time I want to
talk about our GPU this is the Supreme
Liquid X 490 it has its own integrated
Supreme it's got a red sticker on it
look anyway the point is it's got a 240
mm Radiator on it and I can't believe
I'm going to say this but going with a
water cooled card like this maybe not
that ridiculous in this specific build
see the thing is some aircooled 490s are
really wide like like up to four slots
wide which would limit our access to
this motherboard's pcie slots but this
card only two slots wide which well
wouldn't have made a difference because
our next down slot is all the way down
here but hey they've both got lots of
breathing room and all it cost us is
$2,800
though In fairness of regular 490 is
like 2 Grand anyway I need to get this
out to do b-roll is there a thing there
is it's this button no way yeah oh GPU
release button and it holds it so if you
let go of the button it's open now dude
what the heck did you see how many
flipping headers this thing has oh yeah
two of the OG USB front headers two of
the new type c what case has any of that
connectivity this is the last
motherboard you'll need for am5 lineus
had to go start Wan so I'm going to
install the power supply which is
another category MSI has actually gotten
into since the last time we built their
computer and this is their Flagship AI
1300pa quick test with Lucas in the
power supply tester in labs and he
described it as nothing crazy impressive
or bad which is more than I can say
about some other products that has AI in
their branding and 1300 watts should be
plenty for a 4090 or a other highend
gpus the leaks about the 50 okay
whatever now that everything's built
we're almost ready to game all we got to
do is lay out our LTT mouse pad we no
LTT mouse pad we have to use msis a can
we have ours under theirs what do you
guys
think thanks for voting yes
ooh that's kind of cool I'm not sure how
much I love the surface but it looks
amazing some of the marketing they have
for it is fast cooling surface so you're
like wrists and hands don't like get it
all too
sweaty Splash and moisture proof they
know us better than we'd probably like
them
too especially
you for our keyboard and mouse MSI sent
over their Forge GK 310 combo for $70
you could probably buy a better mouse or
a better keyboard but as a bundle that's
going for just $50 at the time of
filming it's not a bad value easily
multiple times better than that Tommy
hillfigure kit that we looked at a
couple of years ago these seem like odd
choices considering the caliber of the
rest of the components when I asked MSI
just to send whatever they want for each
category this is what they chose for the
mouse and keyboard okay they have better
stuff maybe we'll link some of their
better stuff below as well as everything
else it'll all be linked below like this
this is what I'm talking about the mpg
271 qrx this is a
1440p 360 HZ QD OLED
display this is like the top of the
flipping line what does it do like a th
nits Peak brightness for HDR yeah th000
nits Peak brightness not to mention near
instantaneous pixel response times not
to mention it looks absolutely flipping
gorgeous I mean not right now I got to
turn it on give me a sec okay
let's
go man how sick does this look compared
to the last all MSI PC it looks pretty
good like it doesn't feel like in the
moment that the industrial design of
computer hardware is changing that much
but then you wait four years and you
build a machine and you're like oh right
yeah that looks sick by the way how do
we end up with white Ram are you going
to blame MSI again they wanted Corsair
Ram these were the highest dim corsairs
at the fastest speed that would work
that's why I chose them I chose speed
wait what is this background when I got
it all set up it popped up hey do you
want to install all this MSI stuff
including the wallpaper and I said sure
I didn't know it was just an ad for
their
motherboards MSI we already bought the
motherboard that's the exact motherboard
we have what are we playing I installed
Dragon AG Dragon Ball fighter Far Cry
blood dragon or Yakuza like a dragon
yeah Dragon thanks high it's lucky you
did
that oh great don't you love this about
modern gaming while we wait let's take a
look at the new claw
oh the worth buying claw oh sorry
actually this is going on short circuit
you're not allowed to open it is this a
bit I'm not even kidding no this is the
the battle mage claw right correct
you're not allowed opening it
but go subscribe to Short Circuit you'll
see it there
oh she's
smooth dude this game at these settings
this is really pretty it's kind of
pretty and also still only manages like
75 FPS in the
lows good Lord I think I even saw a
stutter there do you want to try a
different game to push the frame rate we
also could try the new Indiana Jones
game cuz we have the recommended specs
for
Ultron dude I would probably use dlss on
a game like this on the requirements for
this game if you wanted to hit 4K Ultra
60 you had to use
dlss your frames are dropping in the
menu
no holy crap this looks incredible
that's a pretty game can I change my uh
camera view no it's first person this
game is it yeah this game's first person
why the hell am I playing with a
controller then why would they say the
controller is the optimal way to play
seriously a is to clear
bushes that's a pretty dumb way to do
that we don't see his face maybe it's
not Indiana Jones maybe it's
shyo here we go oh there's Harrison Ford
well if you can afford a system like
this you can definitely play the new
Indiana Jones game wow at 60
FPS on 1440
wow oh yeah we're 1440 we're not even 4K
wait no no no no we're not even 1440 I'm
using
dlss let's try something that should be
a little more reasonable to run how many
FPS we got 600 oh damn it no no no
that's insane oh no come on come on get
one human kill you can do
it yeah let's go he was playing like a
bot but oh double snipe Let's Go Go
played this well before no way this is
officially the greatest computer I've
ever used I'm
positive anyway in summary this is an
extremely fast computer with extremely
fast things in it we synchronized our
RGB with msi's Mystic spark RGB software
and if you guys enjoyed this video what
are you doing you have a lucky puppet
you can check out the last time we did
an all MSI PC it's crazy I think that
was 4 years
ago I had a beard a better personality
and everything's gone downhill since
then what is wrong with you I didn't
script that you script reviewed it and
checked it I did not I added it in
after that I
believe thanks MSI you're so red you're
redder than him